What are you doing in the hospital?
I really didn't do anything to Grandpa Guan
You don't believe me?
I believe you are indicating what?
It's just that I don't have evidence.
Including the night I spent with Grandpa Guan
You give me more time.
Su Ran, you still have the face to see my grandfather Guan
What do you mean you won?
Yan Ting broke with me completely
I've decided to give up.
You knew there was such a situation
I don't have to waste so much time acting with you
acting
Anyway, I will get a marriage certificate with Yan Ting when I leave the hospital.
I might as well tell you that the pregnancy thing is fake
So there's nothing between you and her
It's really nothing.
So what does it matter?
Yan Ting still believes me
After I marry him
He will be mine sooner or later
He and I will also have a child
Who said they were going to marry you?
What are you doing here?